src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/Layout.astro
title: About me
---

<span class="text-2xl">TL;DR I am a web developer since 2010, startup founder, ex-CTO and a huge fan of Open Source. I'm currently a Chief Developer Experience Officer at my startup, [Vue Storefront](https://vuestorefront.io). I was once on the [cover of Forbes magazine](https://vuestorefront.io/news/filip-rakowski-forbes-30-under-30) (probably by accident).</span>

## What am I doing now?

I'm building [Vue Storefront](https://vuestorefront.io), an incredibly successful product that began as a side-gig in 2017 and has now emerged as one of the most promising startups in the eCommerce industry. I know, it sounds cheap, but we have awards to prove it! We won the <a href="https://vuestorefront.io/news/vue-storefront-wins-best-ecommerce-startup-at-top-european-tech-awards">Best Retail Startup in Europe</a> award at The Europa's and <a href="https://vuestorefront.io/news/vue-storefront-wins-poland-top-startup-award">Best Startup in Poland Award - Auler</a>!

As a Chief Developer Experience Officer I have only one goal - [deliver the best Developer Experience on the market](https://vuestorefront.io/blog/developer-experience-obsession-as-new-cdxo-heres-why-) with Vue Storefront. I am documentaing our journey on [Vue Storefront Developer Blog](https://dev.to/vue-storefront) and on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/filrakowski).

## Things that excite me

<ul class="list-disc list-outside pl-5 mb-5">
    <li><b>Modern eCommerce</b> - eCommerce industry is currently experiencing a paradigm shift. Headless, Composable, MACH - I'm all in for this exciting future!</li>
    <li><b>Developer Experience</b>- </li>
    <li><b>Web Performance</b> - "Performance is excellence" is a phrase that describes best why I love this particular area of web development. Fast applications are possible only with deep understanding of how JavaScript and browser works and writing code in the most optimal way to use what they offer to full extent.</li>
    <li><b>Open Source + Open Source Monetization</b> - Building things together and in public is one of the best drivers of innovation. I'm a huge supporter and advocate of Open Source technologies. I'm particuallry itnerested in connecting Open Source with business.</li>
    <li><b>Cats</b> - I have two lovely cats - Fufi and Geralt. I kinda have no other choice than making them my hobby. Otherwise it's hard to survive.</li>
</ul>

## There will be more

Or not. We'll see.

Commit message:

few updates of about me

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/Layout.astro
title: About me
---

<span class="text-2xl">TL;DR I am a web developer since 2010, startup founder, huge fan of open source and a cat person. I'm currently building my startup, [Alokai](https://alokai.com) (formerly known as Vue Storefront) as CTO. I was recognized by Forbes Magazine as [30 Under 30](https://vuestorefront.io/news/filip-rakowski-forbes-30-under-30) and [Digital Shaper (Innovation and Tehcnologies category)](https://digitalshapers.pl/en/winners/2022).</span>



## What am I doing now?

I'm building [Alokai](https://alokai.com), a product that began as an Open Source side-gig in 2017 and has now emerged as one of the coolest startups in the eCommerce industry. I know, I am biased, but as a frontend develeper I am **extremely** excited about what we're building.

[TBD]

We won the <a href="https://alokai.com/news/vue-storefront-wins-best-ecommerce-startup-at-top-european-tech-awards">Best Retail Startup in Europe</a> award at The Europa's and <a href="https://alokai.com/news/vue-storefront-wins-poland-top-startup-award">Best Startup in Poland Award - Auler</a>!

## Things that excite me

<ul class="list-disc list-outside pl-5 mb-5">
    <li><b>Modern eCommerce</b> - eCommerce industry is currently experiencing a paradigm shift. Headless, Composable, MACH - I'm all in for this exciting future!</li>
    <li><b>Developer Experience</b>- </li>
    <li><b>Web Performance</b> - "Performance is excellence" is a phrase that describes best why I love this particular area of web development. Fast applications are possible only with deep understanding of how JavaScript and browser works and writing code in the most optimal way to use what they offer to full extent.</li>
    <li><b>Open Source + Open Source Monetization</b> - Building things together and in public is one of the best drivers of innovation. I'm a huge supporter and advocate of Open Source technologies. I'm particuallry itnerested in connecting Open Source with business.</li>
    <li><b>Cats</b> - I have two lovely cats - Fufi and Geralt. I kinda have no other choice than making them my hobby. Otherwise it's hard to survive.</li>
</ul>

## There will be more

Or not. We'll see.
